***== Quest 1 received. Finalize the src/data_module module so src/data_module/data_module_entry.c is able to start and work correctly. Pay attention to the data_libs directory. Reuse the existing files and functions to the maximum, using the corresponding directives of the preprocessor. ==***

***== Quest 2 received. Finalize the src/yet_another_decision_module module so src/yet_another_decision_module/yet_another_decision_module_entry.c is able to start and work correctly. Pay attention to the data_libs directory. Reuse the existing files and functions to the maximum, using the corresponding directives of the preprocessor. ==***

***== Quest 3 received. Finalize the src/main_executable_module module so src/main_executable_module/main_executable_module.c is able to start and work correctly. Develop a Makefile for building the solution and place it in the src/main_executable_module directory. Add standard targets to the Makefile: clean, all, rebuild. When creating the Makefile, follow standard solutions used for developing programs in C. The compiled file should be located in the build folder at the root of the repository. It should be named Quest_3. The compile result itself should not be uploaded to the repository. ==***

***== Quest 4 received. Add the data_io_macro.h implementation to the src/data_libs folder using parametrized multiline macro definitions. The implementation has to work with any types of arrays. Modify main_executable_module.c to make it possible to configure the connection of the io module's header file using a macro (standard data_io.h or data_io_macro.h implementation). Add the build_with_macro target to the Makefile for building main_executable_module with data_io_macro.h, and edit the all target if necessary (for working with data_io.h). The compiled file should be located in the build folder at the root of the repository. It should be named Quest_4. The compile result itself should not be uploaded to the repository. ==***

***== Quest 5 received. Add the data_stat.a target that builds the data_stat module as the data_stat.a static library, to the Makefile. Add the build_with_static target that builds the main_executable_module, connecting the data_stat module as a static library, to the Makefile. It is not allowed to upload the data_stat.a to the repository, just like any other result of building or compilation (object file, static or dynamic library, executable file). The compiled file should be located in the build folder at the root of the repository. It should be named Quest_5. ==***

***== Quest 6 received. Add the data_process.so target that builds the data_process module as the data_process.so dynamic library, to the Makefile. Add the build_with_dynamic target that builds the main_executable_module, connecting the data_process module as a dynamic library, to the Makefile. Make the necessary changes to the code of the main_executable_module, configuring the use of the dynamic library using macros. It is not allowed to upload the data_process.so to the repository, just like any other building result. The compiled file should be located in the build folder at the root of the repository. It should be named Quest_6. ==***
