***== Quest 1 received. Create src/s21_string.h and src/s21_string.c files and add declaration and definition of the s21_strlen function to them. Create a test program, src/s21_string_test.c, that should include the s21_strlen_test function for checking the s21_strlen function with a set of test data (minimum 3): normal values, abnormal values, boundary values, etc. For each test, the input, output, and test result (SUCCESS/FAIL) must be output to stdout. Add the launch of this function to main. When developing the s21_strlen function, only use language features. Using string.h and other libraries is not allowed. Build the program using the Makefile. Name of the build stage: strlen_tests. The executable file should be stored at the root in the build folder. It should be named Quest_1. ==***

***== Quest 2 received.  Add declaration and definition of the s21_strcmp function to src/s21_string.h and src/s21_string.c files. Add the s21_strcmp_test function to the src/s21_string_test.c file for checking the s21_strcmp function using a set of test data (minimum 3): normal values, abnormal values, boundary values, etc. For each test, the input, output, and test result (SUCCESS/FAIL) must be output to stdout. Add the launch of this function to main. When developing the s21_strcmp function, only use language features. Using string.h and other libraries is not allowed. Build the program using the Makefile. Name of the build stage: strcmp_tests. The executable file should be stored at the root in the build folder. It should be named Quest_2. ==***

***== Quest 3 received.  Add declaration and definition of the s21_strcpy function to src/s21_string.h and src/s21_string.c files. Add the s21_strcpy_test function to the src/s21_string_test.c file for checking the s21_strcpy function using a set of test data (minimum 3): normal values, abnormal values, boundary values, etc. For each test, the input, output, and test result (SUCCESS/FAIL) must be output to stdout. Add the launch of this function to main. When developing the s21_strcpy function, only use language features. Using string.h and other libraries is not allowed. Build the program using the Makefile. Name of the build stage: strcpy_tests. The executable file should be stored at the root in the build folder. It should be named Quest_3. ==***

***== Quest 4 received. Add declaration and definition of the s21_strcat function to src/s21_string.h and src/s21_string.c files. Add the s21_strcat_test function to the src/s21_string_test.c file for checking the s21_strcat function using a set of test data (minimum 3): normal values, abnormal values, boundary values, etc. For each test, the input, output, and test result (SUCCESS/FAIL) must be output to stdout. Add the launch of this function to main. When developing the s21_strcat function, only use language features. Using string.h and other libraries is not allowed. Build the program using the Makefile. Name of the build stage: strcat_tests. The executable file should be stored at the root in the build folder. It should be named Quest_4. ==***

***== Quest 5 received. Add declaration and definition of the s21_strchr function to src/s21_string.h and src/s21_string.c files. Add the s21_strchr_test function to the src/s21_string_test.c file for checking the s21_strchr function using a set of test data (minimum 3): normal values, abnormal values, boundary values, etc. For each test, the input, output, and test result (SUCCESS/FAIL) must be output to stdout. Add the launch of this function to main. When developing the s21_strchr function, only use language features. Using string.h and other libraries is not allowed. Build the program using the Makefile. Name of the build stage: strchr_tests. The executable file should be stored at the root in the build folder. It should be named Quest_5. ==***

***== Quest 6 received. Add declaration and definition of the s21_strstr function to src/s21_string.h and src/s21_string.c files. Add the s21_strstr_test function to the src/s21_string_test.c file for checking the s21_strstr function using a set of test data (minimum 3): normal values, abnormal values, boundary values, etc. For each test, the input, output, and test result (SUCCESS/FAIL) must be output to stdout. Add the launch of this function to main. When developing the s21_strstr function, only use language features. Using string.h and other libraries is not allowed. Build the program using the Makefile. Name of the build stage: strstr_tests. The executable file should be stored at the root in the build folder. It should be named Quest_6. ==***

***== Quest 7 received. Add declaration and definition of the s21_strtok function to src/s21_string.h and src/s21_string.c files. Add the s21_strtok_test function to the src/s21_string_test.c file for checking the s21_strtok function using a set of test data (minimum 3): normal values, abnormal values, boundary values, etc. For each test, the input, output, and test result (SUCCESS/FAIL) must be output to stdout. Add the launch of this function to main. When developing the s21_strtok function, only use language features. Using string.h and other libraries is not allowed. Build the program using the makefile. Name of the build stage: strtok_tests. The executable file should be stored at the root in the build folder. It should be named Quest_7. ==***