***== Quest 1 received. Write a print_log function in the src/print_module.c file so it can display the following message using the function transmitted to it with the parameters: "[LOG] current_time message". The current time should be displayed in the HH:MM:SS format. Change the src/main_module_entry_point.c file if necessary. Build the program using the Makefile. Stage name: print_module, executable file name: Quest_1. ==***

***== Quest 2 received. Write a check_available_documentation_module function in the src/documentation_module.c file so it can apply a validation function transmitted in the parameters to each document it transmits in the parameters. The result of the program operation should be an array of document availability, which is an array of integers (0 - the document is not available, 1 - the document is available). Change the src/main_module_entry_point.c file so that it implements a human-readable output of the availability of documents using the resulting array (format: [document name: (un)available]). For the checked components, set the output field size modifier to 15 units. Note that the function takes an arbitrary number of arguments. Build the program using the Makefile. Stage name: documentation_module, executable file name: Quest_2. ==***

***== Quest 3 received. Create an src/bst.c program with a function for creating a node of a binary search tree, bstree_create_node. Put the description of the type of the tree node in src/bst.h. Using module testing, check the created function in src/bst_create_test.c (at least two input values with an output of what's been created). Build the program using the Makefile. Stage name: bst_create_test, executable file name: Quest_3. ==***

***== Quest 4 received. Supplement the src/bst.c program by implementing the function of inserting a binary search tree node, bstree_insert. Using module testing, check the created function in src/bst_insert_test.c (at least two sets of input values with an output of the location of the tree leaf's insertion). Create an implementation of the comparator function. Build the program using the Makefile. Stage name: bst_insert_test, executable file name: Quest_4. ==***

***== Quest 5 received. Supplement the src/bst.c program by implementing tree traversal functions for the binary search tree: bstree_apply_infix, bstree_apply_prefix, bstree_apply_postfix. Using module testing, check the created functions in tests/bst_traverse_test.c (take sets of input data from the previous test and create screen output for the trees in three different ways). Prepare implementation of the applyf function as a function that outputs the value of the node in the terminal. Stage name: bst_traverse_test, executable file name: Quest_5. ==***
